Fix two issues related to using zstd compression (#469)
actions/toolkit: packages/cache/RELEASES.md

### 0.1.0

- Initial release

### 0.2.0

> - Fixes two issues around using zstd compression algorithm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes issues with the zstd compression algorithm on Windows and Ubuntu 16.04 [#469](https://github.com/actions/toolkit/pull/469)
```

We might want to link the PRs in the RELEASES notes to help with discoverability
